you
this is a perfect example of an upper
structure triad voicing in the left hand
I'm playing the lower structure which is
usually guide tones three and seven to
the root and in the right hand I'm
playing the upper structure which is
defined as a triad that has at least one
tension in it and this dried so in this
lesson I want to talk to you about all
of the possible upper structure triad
voicings that you can play over the five
different seventh chord types I'm going
to show you them how to I use them to
harmonize melodies like Bill Evans said
here in this transcription and wanted to
talk to you about how to comp with them
and how to solo with them is 13 in the
key of G and I know that I have a 13
upper structure triad voicing if I build
a triad major triad off of that 13 gives
me a nice flat 9 sound I'm just going to
invert it so that my melody in order
something only thinking myself what am I
gonna do to make this sound better well
if you throw on some upper structure
triad voicings you got an immediate
infusion of color so I played the d750
minor 7 with my standard so odd voicing
and then I I can play g7 with my 9 flat
5 throwing in my flat 5 upper structure
voicing
and then going to my one chord C major
seven throw in an infrastructure voicing
on you can give you a you know a lot of
new sounds by just arpeggiating and
messing around with those upper
structure triads in your right hand
while your left hand plays you know
regular looking about how they can
transform your play I really believe
that this technique is one of the most
important techniques that you
you